StoryLine: So you are the phone, a person finds you and tries to open it, then he connects you to a computer and tries to hack in. 
-As the phone, you use your anti virus tools to beat the malware he tries to put into your phone. 
-The cutscenes should be the man who wears a fedora which is black in a sort of detective suit which is the focus as he holds the phone
with a crowd in the background. The main focus should be him and the phone with the people in the blackground a black blur looking like
shadows. There should be a bar at the bottom with text coming on talking about how the AVS are attacking the malware he sends as he 
briefly talks about them.
-So there is 20 rounds, every 5 rounds there is a cutscene so there is 4 cutscenes in total
- First cutscene is with the hacker in the alleyway holding the phone with the text saying "Hello there. There is a hacker and he is trying
to access your phone. Luckily for you, your old user kept a lock on you. However, the hacker is not going to give up and is now putting 
viruses into your phone to try hack in. You need to try and stop this using anti-virus softwares that have been installed inside you.
Good luck!
-Second cutscene is with the hacker saying in format"Hacker: These anti-virus softwares are giving it a good fight, but I will not let it
beat me!" then the narrator says "Oh no, the hacker is now trying harder to put more viruses into your phone. Are you ready to beat the
viruses?"
-Third cutscene is with the hacker being fustrated saying "Hacker: Damn, why is this phone so protected. I need to do everything I can to
get inside this phone!" then narrator says "You have done very well to get to this stage. The hacker though is putting all of his effort 
into trying to bypass phone security, give it your best shot to not let this happen!"
-Final cutscene has a background with a cop car with a blue/red lights which flare, two cops holding onto the hacker who is in cuffs
the narrator says "Well done, we have successfully averted the threats the hacker tried to put into you. However, we still need your help!
You can do the endless mode or quit now and try the endless mode later. Thank you for playing!" and then comes the credits. The option to 
do endless or quit game comes after credits

Extras: Add information about every virus when they spawn in map new, keep the virus in information section, what it is in real life
then the bit on right about its information in the game
-Database at the end, 200 hp (can be changed just edit) attacked by viruses, if killed game over
-As game over, it should have an ecrypted lock being opened 

Messages end game:
Level 1 Victory: Unknown: Well done, you have defeated the hacker's first wave. Careful, there is more to come!
Level 2 Victory: H4ck3r: Damn, these anti-virus softwares are good, lets turn it up a notch...
Level 3 Victory: H4ck3r: It seems that my malware isn't reaching the phone. I need to make it better.
Level 4 Victory: H4ck3r: This phone is protected well but I am better, I will beat it...
Level 5 Victory: Unknown: Keep going, the hacker has started to feel fustrated. We have this!
Level 7 Victory: H4ck3r: Wow, how is the AVS holding up so well. Come on, just let me in...
Level 8 Victory: Unknown: We are doing so well against the hacker. So close, I can taste victory.
Level 9 Victory: H4ck3r: I have to go all in, this is my last effort to beat them...
Level 10 Victory: Unknown: Hooray, we did it! We completed the mission, the hacker is no more.
